_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am passionate about bioinformatics and programming. My scientific interests are sequence analysis, machine learning, and systems biology, which I try to combine to understand the complex interactions in biology.

My research
------
Why do organisms cooperate, instead of living solitarily? I am interested in this questions in relation to symbiotic associations between microbes and animals. Mostly, I focussed on insect symbioses, but I have worked on the human gut microbiota as well. To study these systems, I analyze next generation sequencing data and integrate this information in computational models. I am currently working at the [Johannes Gutenberg-University Mainz](http://www.bio.uni-mainz.de/zoo/oekologie/277_ENG_HTML.php).

My games 
------
In my free time, I like to develop educational games, such as this one [here](https://euba.github.io/EvoGame/), which was developed for students to teach how ecological adaptations like camouflage, aposematism, and mimicry can establish in a population under the selective pressure of predation.

Commit message:

Added text to about page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am passionate about bioinformatics and programming in R and Python. My scientific interests include sequence analysis, machine learning, and systems biology, which I like to combine to understand the complex interactions in biology and biomedicine.

My research work
------
In my research, I was working on various biological systems utilizing next-generation sequencing (NGS) and multi-omics data (genomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics). These complex datasets are high-dimensional in nature and require computational tools to analyze and make sense of. To this end, I developed and applied different methods in bioinformatics and machine learning to reduce this data to meaningful insights.

Nowadays, I have switched from academia to industry to apply my data analysis skill set to real-world problems and make an impact on the projects I am involved in.

Feel free to check out my publication page to read more about the research I was doing, go to the portfolio page to get some visual impressions, or check out my CV section to get to know what I am currently up to.

My games 
------
In my free time, I like to develop educational games, such as this one [here](https://euba.github.io/EvoGame/), which was developed for students to teach how ecological adaptations, like camouflage, aposematism, and mimicry, can establish in a population under the selective pressure of predation
